[TT-15973] Charts RN 4.1.0.md (#923)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: developer-support/release-notes/helm-chart.mdx

Our minor releases are supported until our next minor comes out. 

---
## 4.1 Release Notes

### 4.1.0 Release Notes

> #### Release Date 24th November 2025

Author: ```suggestion
#### Release Date 26th November 2025
```

```bash
helm repo add tyk-helm https://helm.tyk.io/public/helm/charts/
helm repo update

helm upgrade [RELEASE_NAME] tyk-helm/[CHART_NAME]
```

#### Downloads
- [Source code](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-charts/archive/refs/tags/v4.1.0.tar.gz)
- [ArtifactHub - tyk-stack](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/tyk-helm/tyk-stack/4.1.0)
- [ArtifactHub - tyk-control-plane](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/tyk-helm/tyk-control-plane/4.1.0)
- [ArtifactHub - tyk-data-plane](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/tyk-helm/tyk-data-plane/4.1.0)
- [ArtifactHub - tyk-oss](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/tyk-helm/tyk-oss/4.1.0)

#### Changelog
<a id="Changelog-v4.1.0"></a>

##### Added

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title='Support for Kubernetes Tolerations in Tyk Helm Charts'>
Added full support for configuring Kubernetes tolerations across all Tyk components (Gateway, Dashboard, MDCB, Pump, etc.) through Helm values.yaml. This enhancement allows teams to deploy Tyk workloads on their controlled node pools for improved compliance and performance.
</Accordion>

<Accordion title='Support for Pod Topology Spread Constraints in Tyk Gateway Helm Chart'>

> You can now configure Kubernetes Pod Topology Spread Constraints directly through the Tyk Gateway Helm Chart, allowing you to control how Gateway pods are distributed across availability zones or topology domains. This enables more resilient, highly available deployments and helps prevent all Gateway replicas from being scheduled in the same zone or node group. Existing users are unaffected, as the feature defaults to disabled unless explicitly configured.

Author: ```suggestion
You can now configure Kubernetes Pod Topology Spread Constraints directly through the Tyk Gateway Helm Chart, allowing you to control how Gateway pods are distributed across availability zones or topology domains.

This enables more resilient, highly available deployments and helps prevent all Gateway replicas from being scheduled in the same zone or node group. Existing users are unaffected, as the feature is disabled by default unless explicitly configured.
```
